Hello again!
Excellent job so far!
It's time to start dashboarding to find the best representation for communicating insights.
You have managed to analyze your data, and you have obtained interesting results, but
these many interesting interactions are not so easy to combine while telling a coherent story.
In this chapter, you will build report pages resembling
Dashboards since this feature is unavailable in Power BI Desktop.
Before creating any dashboard-like page, you must focus on what WarmeHands needs to make decisions.
The Management team said they wanted to know what items would be best for renewing or
increasing inventory while also having an idea of the influence of the categories and countries.
So you will have to make sure these business requests are considered.
First, let's recall what you have found so far with your analysis.
You have found that the item "Grow a flytrap" has more sales, but
the inventory turnover shows that "Doughnut lip gloss" sells faster.
When comparing 2020 and 2021, we saw that the "Set of 6 soldier skittles" increased more in sales.
And finally, the ABC analysis shows that besides their differences, all three
items belong to class A, a small group that covers up to seventy percent of total revenue.
By considering your findings, you must choose ways to show your results
so they can have an impact on applicable methods for the management team.
This could include allowing purchase options that smartly define most gains, control policies that involve
the structure of a company framework to achieve its goals, and facts that can efficiently improve stock management.
When creating your dashboard, it is essential to remember some good practices.
Your dashboard should generally contain your main discoveries, be concise,
use well-defined labels, provide reference values, and make things interactive.
You can always create multiple pages, but it is important
not to be repetitive, making sure each tells a different story.
You will practice with multiple tasks on the different points of WarmeHands objectives to present a good report.
You will start with recommendations on purchases, present information by category,
and finally, show some important suggestions for control decisions and stock management.
You might still be creating some calculations, but only for display purposes.
Now it's time to dive into your final tasks!
Good luck!